Alley, Victoria, Mm-hmm? I need your advice
So you know how I've been talking to Carolyn, her birthday is coming up
So I want to do something super romantic for her any ideas. Oh
That is so sweet
Okay, so I have an idea. So there's this guy that I really like and he remembered when I told him that I love breakfast
One morning, he wakes up super early and brings a homemade breakfast straight to my front door. It was so romantic of him ah
that's the sweetest thing! You get all the boys!
It's a really good idea. Oh, but you know what? That could actually be really bad too. What do you mean, okay,
So there's this other guy that really liked me
And I guess he stalked me and found out I like breakfast, and one morning
He pounds on my front door and wakes me up
And he's standing there holding a waffle and stuff, trying to force me to eat it like a total creeper.
Ugh, I hat when that happens, that happens to me all the time. That was the exact same thing that happened in the first story
Why is that creepy?
It's completely different
yeah, oh, okay um what else could I do? Oh, okay?
So how about this? So that one guy that I liked, he secretly
Coordinated with one of my roommates to borrow my spare car keys while I was at the office,
He put a bouquet of flowers and stuffed animals in my car and surprised me after work. That is so romantic.
Yeah, you totally don't deserve him. That's a really good one
And I used that. But then again,
so the other guy he like, somehow made a copy of my keys when I wasn't looking or something and
one night when I was working really late he found out where I worked and left a bunch of flowers inside my car and
Then he jumped out of the shadows and freaks me out
Ew, what a creep. I would have run him over. I tried. He's really fast. I know but I'm a better driver
So, what okay again same exact story you're just using different adjectives to describe the same event
No, It's not the same at all the same at all. Fine, what if I do something really simple?
like
Send her a card. Oh,
That could be cool, cute and simple. So the first guy, he did that for me once
How do you get so many guys? But then again
He sounds like a serial killer. I know right, just stop both of you
Okay, both these guys are doing the exact same thing, but just because you're attracted to one of them
It's romantic, and you're turned off by the other it's a creeper. Just admit it. That's what you're saying
Um was he even listening to your story? I don't think he was, yeah he wasn't listening at all. Oh my God, okay
I'm just gonna figure it out on my own
Okay, I mean don't ask for help. Yeah, no totally
So did Wes do anything for your birthday?
He did actually, he surprised me with breakfast for my favorite restaurant
He had a bouquet of flowers sent to my work
And he left a handmade card underneath the windshield wiper of my car. Aw, that is so sweet
Yeah, it really was so desperate. I was just gonna say that. Yeah, whatever I'm over it
Hey guys, hope you enjoyed that sketch
Have you ever watched one of our videos and thought, man, we should  make a movie. Well guess what? We are. So we've been working
On the script for the past year and it's finally completed. We really hope to shoot at this summer, but right now. We're fundraising
We really love your help, so please check out the link below to contribute to wongfuproductions very first movie
We've got a lot of fun rewards for anyone who wants to back this exciting project
and it would mean so much to us to have your support so all that follows in the link below and
Yeah, help us make this movie. Thanks
This is the timeline
This is gonna be a really good scene right here. Oh this one's really exciting. It's a surprise. No, don't you dare.
That's like, the very last scene you can see that actually, just no.